README.md, before:

# Cornucopia
## Product Proposal
### Vision 

Our restaurant finder/generator website will be using a database comprises of restaurants information and reviews from Google and Yelp to recommend to a customer where they would like to eat. 

Our targeted audience and user personas that we aim at are customers looking for a restaurant to eat and the restaurant owners in Cincinnati.

Whenever we want to find places to eat, we would need to go through Google Map, Yelp and various online platforms to search for a restaurant. However, with the use of website, we think that finding a restaurant should be an experience not a chore. For now, our product will be name Athena, but later on we will decide an official name for it. 

For the moment, our competitors like Yelp, Google and Tripadvisor also have restaurant suggestion features. They would be our primary competitors.

We would like our website to focus only on restaurant suggesting and reviewing of dishes. For whatever your preferences maybe, we will find a restaurant that matches one's preference. For now, we imagine it to have a user interface like Tinder, however, it is for food. The description for the restaurant will either be generated through the databases or restaurant owners could register with us to make their profile looks better.

### Software Architecture

![architecture](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74561706/219219638-44414e8c-8b71-4c28-8626-44eddff843bd.png)

### Challenges and Risks

Commit message:

Update Software Architecture in README.md

README.md, after:

# Cornucopia
## Product Proposal
### Vision 

Our restaurant finder/generator website will be using a database comprises of restaurants information and reviews from Google and Yelp to recommend to a customer where they would like to eat. 

Our targeted audience and user personas that we aim at are customers looking for a restaurant to eat and the restaurant owners in Cincinnati.

Whenever we want to find places to eat, we would need to go through Google Map, Yelp and various online platforms to search for a restaurant. However, with the use of website, we think that finding a restaurant should be an experience not a chore. For now, our product will be name Athena, but later on we will decide an official name for it. 

For the moment, our competitors like Yelp, Google and Tripadvisor also have restaurant suggestion features. They would be our primary competitors.

We would like our website to focus only on restaurant suggesting and reviewing of dishes. For whatever your preferences maybe, we will find a restaurant that matches one's preference. For now, we imagine it to have a user interface like Tinder, however, it is for food. The description for the restaurant will either be generated through the databases or restaurant owners could register with us to make their profile looks better.

### Software Architecture

The system's architecture and its components/modules as identified below

![architecture](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74561706/219219638-44414e8c-8b71-4c28-8626-44eddff843bd.png)

The data we will be storing include but not limited to user's personalized settings for finding restaurants, related information about restaurants like menu, prices, locations, reviews, images. 

For the moments, we will start looking into HTML, CSS, Javascript, Node.js for the front end of our website. For the front end, we would like to place an emphasis on the seamlessness when transitioning between finding restaurants, fast responses to user input and personalized settings for restaurant suggestion. 

Some other toolkits that we will look into include databases, how to store large quantity of information regarding restaurants and its reviews. Google Map API and other API related to finding restaurants will also be researched. 

### Challenges and Risks
